every week in the occupied West Bank
after an Israeli raid this scene is
repeated over and over more than 300
funerals have been held since October
the
7th there's no water or electricity in
many places in the camp it's not easy to
keep fixing and they're making people's
lives Harder They want to kill our
national Spirit the destruction of homes
roads and utilities during raids is a
deliberate Israeli policy widely
denounced as collective punishment
Israel's occupation affects every aspect
of life here but in more than 50 years
that occupation has perhaps been never
more oppressive and suffocating than it
is
now if it's not raids then it's settler
attacks around 36 a week according to
the UN a record
high to accommodate settlers the Israeli
government is expanding permanent and
temporary checkpoints a 40% increase in
the last four years says the UN hours
long delays hobble business and fuel
frustration and since October the 7th
more than
192,000 Palestinians who worked in
Israel and the settlements have not been
allowed
back when the war started workers spent
their savings now the markets dies tens
of thousands worked in Israel they were
the engine of the economy every way they
turn there is no way out for the 3
million Palestinians trapped in this
occupation it's why Israel's military
leaders are warning again of the risk of
a third Uprising Bernard Smith Al jazer
rala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer